Add batch processing documentation for Kafka Inbound Endpoint (#2324)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/kafka-connector/kafka-inbound-endpoint-config.md

    - For throughput and scalability:
        - Configure your Kafka topic with **multiple partitions**.
        - Run **multiple Kafka Inbound Endpoints** (within the same consumer group) to read from different partitions concurrently.

---

## Batch mediation

By default, the Kafka Inbound Endpoint processes one record at a time — each record polled from Kafka is injected into the inbound sequence as a separate message. Batch mediation changes this so that all valid records returned by a single poll are bundled into one message and injected together. To enable it, set the following parameter:

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a note about the all the messages are built to the message context, and can utilize memory, so fine tune the batch size accordingly.

Author: added

```xml
<parameter name="batch.processing.enabled">true</parameter>
```

### Message payload format

> The shape of the injected message depends on the configured `contentType`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content type of the injected message depends on the configured `contentType`.
```

Author: updated.

> **JSON** (`contentType = application/json`)

Reviewer: Let's define these as tabs.

Author: updated.

    - For throughput and scalability:
        - Configure your Kafka topic with **multiple partitions**.
        - Run **multiple Kafka Inbound Endpoints** (within the same consumer group) to read from different partitions concurrently.

---

## Batch mediation

By default, the Kafka Inbound Endpoint processes one record at a time — each record polled from Kafka is injected into the inbound sequence as a separate message. Batch mediation changes this so that all valid records fetched by a single poll are bundled into one message and injected together. To enable it, set the following parameter:

```xml
<parameter name="batch.processing.enabled">true</parameter>
```

!!! Note

>     In batch mode, all records fetched by a poll are held in memory as part of the message context. Fine-tune `max.poll.records` according to your available memory — larger batches consume more memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In batch mode, all records fetched by a poll are held in memory as part of the message context. Fine-tune `max.poll.records` according to your memory allocation.
```
